# Polymaps

Polymaps is a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in
modern web browsers. See <http://polymaps.org> for more details.

This is the `gh-pages` branch, which contains the Polymaps website, running on
GitHub Pages. If you're looking for the source code to Polymaps, you should
checkout the `master` branch instead.

### Build Instructions

To edit and preview the website locally, you must first [install
Jekyll](http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/wiki/install). You can then launch
Jekyll from this repo's root directory. For example:

    jekyll --pygments --auto --server

You should now be able to view the site at <http://0.0.0.0:4000/>.

Some of the files in the `gh-pages` branch are copies of files in the `master`
branch; for example, the ColorBrewer CSS file and Modernizr are copied from
the `lib` directory in the master branch. This allows the examples in the
master branch to function as simple, standalone files, whilst not duplicating
code that is integrated into the pretty example pages on the website.

If you want to update the website to pull the latest files from master, then
run the following command:

    make -C _includes

The `Makefile` is in the `_includes` directory for convenience; that's where
most of the generated files are, and Jekyll won't serve any files that start
with an underscore.

Building the website requires that you have `git` and `make` installed, and
that you've pulled both the `master` and `gh-pages` branch; you can't update
the website just by downloading the tarball from GitHub. You'll also need Java
to run the Google Closure compiler, which minifies JavaScript.
